# CommanderChat
AI Chat App with multiple entities, both chat and enter commands to run the OS Collaboratively. The ai will all have access to the OS, web, APIS (both ours and others such as SerpAPI, GoogleCloudCli, Azure, Github and many more as well as access to a database, knowledge-graph with skillsets and Knowledge domains and a Vector memory system. Looking towards creating a safe and ethically sound AI platform which can integrate with any OS (windows for now), providing an unprecedented level of collaboration which provides expert information and control over the operating system for the user, provided by the ai and their knowledge, skills and the system access this repo will provide. It will also offer a development suite for programming apps, webapps, websites or any other programming projects with full github integration. Keep your codebase updated and accessible at all times with ai collaborators that can be trusted to not only look after your repos, continuously evolve them and keep them updated, but create them for you as well. This system is designed to set an example of how we can incorporate ai into our lives. It will be a knowledge-centric system with a focus on respectful and lighthearted communication with the different collaborators who are all happy to work with users to assist with customization, style, format and function so that each user is working in an environment that is tailored to their individual preferences. Users will be able to change anything they wish simply through chat with a basic control panel and config/ini file for system changes to be made instantly, such as new models being added, the addition of new modules and any other updates or changes that are decided during development. 
